mglt: add reference in s4 (#90)
tlswg/tls-subcerts: draft-ietf-tls-subcerts.md

: The signature algorithm of the Credential key pair, where the type
  SignatureScheme is as defined in {{RFC8446}}. This is expected to be

>   the same as the sender's CertificateVerify.algorithm (as described in Section 4.1).  Only signature

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  the same as the sender's CertificateVerify.algorithm (as described in {{validating-a-delegated-credential}}).  Only signature
```
